[WHOOSHING]
[CHORAL SWELL]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty,
a retired counterintelligence
agent who served in the Air
Force Office of
Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately involved
with UFO/ET-related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> Today, we are discussing
the Eben transport craft.
What do we know about them,
and how do we know about them?
>> Well, in 1947, two crafts
crashed over New Mexico.
And one landed near
Corona, New Mexico,
and one landed west of
Magdalena, New Mexico.
The crash site at Corona
was found relatively soon
after the crash, and
we recovered a crash
in an intact
extraterrestrial craft.
And two years later,
in 1949, a rancher
located the second
craft that crashed.
So we had two extraterrestrial
crafts in our possession
that we studied and
experimented on over the years.
>> Are we referring
to the Roswell crash?
>> Yes, we are.
The actual crash that
occurred in 1947--
one of the crafts landed south
of Corona, New Mexico, which
is about 60 miles
north of Roswell.
Everyone refers to
it as a Roswell crash
because the craft itself
and the occupants were
taken to Walker Army Airfield,
which was in Roswell,
so they refer to it
as a Roswell crash.
But the official
government documents
show that the craft landed
closer to Corona, New Mexico,
than to Roswell, and that's why
people within the government
refer to it as the Corona
crash, not the Roswell crash.
As we understand,
in June of 1947,
two extraterrestrial crafts
were flying over New Mexico,
right in a lightning
storm, electrical storm.
Somehow, and I don't know that
we know or anyone figured it
out, but they crashed.
>> Now, in the pop
culture, allegedly,
they talk about online that
these craft were knocked down
by our radar systems
and had a malfunction.
>> I don't know that our
government ever proved that one
way or the other, but that
was a theory by the US Army
scientists that investigated
it, investigated why these two
crafts crashed.
Now, remember, we captured
or we recovered a being
from the Corona crash, but
it took some time for him
to explain to us
exactly what happened.
The only thing he told
us was both crafts
hit, struck, or collided
with each other.
And one landed in Corona, and
one landed out in Horse Mesa.
>> How much damage did that
craft in Corona sustain?
Did it look very damaged when
you saw these photographs?
>> There was no damage at all.
That's the surprising thing.
What our scientists
figured out and, I think,
what EBE told us--
although I was never
actually privy to what
he said about that.
But other scientists told
me, and it's in a document
that there were components
after it crashed together,
after they collided in air--
there were components within
the craft that shut off,
and that's why it crashed.
Because the environmental
system went out,
the impact killed the four.
>> So it wasn't from blunt
trauma from the crew members
because they died.
It was because of the
environmental system.
>> Right, and same way with
the craft in Horse Mesa.
It crashed.
The systems went out.
Environmental system went out,
and that's what killed them.
>> Were they wearing any type
of suits or protective clothing?
>> They had a tight-fitting
similar to a flight suit, very,
very tight fitting.
And they had some objects
on their suits that--
I'm not sure.
I saw the pictures of it.
And I don't know that
those items were ever
discussed of what they were,
whether some kind of a safety
mechanism or something
to that effect.
>> Did either one ever explain
what they were doing here
or any intel on that?
>> Yes, eventually, he
explained that they were
on an exploratory
mission of our planet,
and they had been visiting
our planet for years and years
and years, hundreds of years.
And they came back to
examine our planet,
but according to
EBE, they had only
been in our atmosphere
for just a few days
when the crash occurred.
>> And where were
they keeping EBE-1?
>> At Los Alamos.
He was found-- and we say "he"
because we know it was a male.
When he was found
in the Corona crash,
he was initially taken
to Sandia Base, which
is now Kirtland Air Force Base.
He was examined
by our physicians,
and then they had to find
a secure location for him.
The most secure location
probably in the world in 1947
was Los Alamos Laboratories.
>> Did they have a
special facility, also,
for this being that was
adapted to this atmosphere?
>> According to official
documents I read and the film
that I saw, EBE-1 was first
transported to Kirtland Air
Force Base.
We'll go back a little bit.
The Army personnel who
found him at the crash site
wasn't sure of how
to communicate.
He didn't obviously
speak English.
They didn't speak his language.
They weren't sure who
he was or what he was,
but they treated
him with respect.
They placed him in an
ambulance and transported him
to Sandia Base.
Once at Sandia Base,
military physicians,
Army physicians examined him.
And the first thing they
said was, he's not human,
and they couldn't communicate.
There wasn't any way for the
two of them to communicate.
They did use sign languages,
pictures of different things
that he somehow related,
but the most important thing
they wanted to
get through to him
was, we're not here to harm you.
We're not here to harm
you, and he sensed that.
As he related later,
he sensed that nobody
was going to hurt him, or they
would have already hurt him.
He was more concerned
with his crew members,
who all died in
the crash and what
happened to them, because I
don't believe at the time,
EBE knew that the other
four occupants were dead.
So he was very concerned.
And eventually, there was an
Air Force intelligence officer
that was placed with
him or his handler,
so to speak, and during the
time frame of 1947 to 1949,
the two of them connected.
This Air Force captain
lived with EBE,
lived in the same facility,
which was at Los Alamos.
They built a special
facility for EBE.
And when they used
the word "EBE," it's
Extraterrestrial
Biological Entity,
and that's why they used "EBE."
They had to determine
whether he could
breathe our air, whether there
was too much oxygen in the air.
Initially, they found
that the 20% or 22%
oxygen that's in our air was
a little bit too much for him.
They manufactured a facility
with somewhere between 17%
and 19% oxygen, but eventually,
over a period of time,
he adjusted to our atmosphere
and the oxygen level
within our atmosphere.
In 1950, an Army
physician figured out
a way to plant a device in
EBE's throat so he could speak.
He could pronounce things.
Before that, EBE could make
sounds, screeching sounds,
which was their language,
but we obviously
couldn't understand it.
EBE tried to teach
us his language.
He even wrote down
his characters.
They didn't have
letters, per se.
They had characters
similar to Chinese.
They had characters, and each
character meant something.
I think there was 160-some.
I don't remember
the exact number--
160 characters.
He wrote them all down.
He knew how to write.
He wrote them all
down, and then we
had to try to
learn these things.
But in 1950, when his
voice box was activated,
he could say words.
There were sometimes
difficult to understand,
but he quickly
learned our language.
And it was over a
period of months,
but you got to remember, he
had been hearing our language
since 1947.
But in the 1950s, he
was putting that all
together because his
brain was so advanced.
One of the things
about his brain--
they have 20-some lobes.
Each lobe had a certain--
when they did a scan or
an X-ray of his head,
they noticed there was
brightness in different lobes
when they did certain
things to him.
So over 20 lobes were doing
things to control his brain,
so that meant he was so
far advanced than us.
>> Amazing.
What did EBE-1 look like?
What was the body somatotype?
>> He was about 4-foot 5.
He had large eyes, a large
head, very large brain.
He had little openings for
ears on each side of us
had, some little openings for a
nose, and mouth with no teeth.
The internal organs--
he had one organ that
worked as a heart and lung.
He didn't have separate
lungs or a separate heart.
He had a very simplified, as a
doctor said, digestive system.
He couldn't eat our food,
couldn't eat all our food,
but eventually, over
a period of time--
he had food in the craft, which
they later recovered for him.
And they're pellets, that
he would eat these pellets.
And they would melt. As soon
as they got into his mouth,
they would melt.
And that's another thing the
doctors couldn't understand.
We tried them.
They didn't melt in our mouth--
something about the saliva
or the enzymes in EBE's mouth
that immediately reacted
with these food pellets.
But he survived on
these food pellets,
but eventually, they ran out.
And now they had to figure out
what kind of food he could eat,
and they did.
They found vegetables,
certain types of vegetables.
I don't remember the
vegetables, but there
were certain
vegetables and fruit
that he could eat
and could survive on.
And he could survive
on our water.
But eventually, he
succumbed to something,
and I'm not sure, in 1952 when
he died, they figured out why.
>> Rick, online, they
have a lot of these videos
of an extraterrestrial being
interrogated or the one they
call Skinny Bob.
Are these the Ebens
we're talking about?
>> I can't vouch for all
those videos that are
on the internet, but the one
video, black-and-white video,
supposedly taken inside the
Soviet Union back years ago
showing a being
with a large head,
that looks similar to an Eben.
That is probably
the most accurate
that's out there,
the Skinny Bob one.
>> Tell us about this
Eben transport craft.
What were the
characteristics of it?
What's the technological
aspects of it?
>> Well, we recovered it, and
we transported it to Los Alamos.
And it was like our scientists
getting a chunk of metal
that they had no
idea what it was.
They knew it was some
kind of a flying craft.
They knew it was
a transport craft.
EBE would go in and show them
different things in the craft,
but at that time period,
he couldn't speak.
And therefore, he couldn't
explain what it was,
but he was using pictures.
And he was using
hand gestures to try
to explain to them what
each item within the craft--
what each component was.
For instance, the environmental
system within the craft--
he showed them the
environmental system,
and he placed his hand over his
face as if to say, we breathe.
We breathe.
Well, the scientists
saw, examined it,
but had no idea how the
environmental system worked
within that Eben craft.
But he also showed them
the propulsion system.
He showed them other things,
but at that time period,
he couldn't speak.
We knew it was some type
of propulsion system,
but our technology in the late
'40s and '50s wasn't advanced.
So these scientists had no
idea how these things worked.
But eventually, as our
technology advanced,
they started understanding a
little bit more of the craft.
Now, EBE-1 had died, so
they didn't have him.
But they started doing
experiments on the craft,
and they started figuring out
that the exterior of the craft
had charges, different types
of charges, electrical charges.
They also figured
out that the craft
had three distinct layers.
The center layer of this
craft, of the material, moved.
They could get it to move.
It was constantly moving
when the craft was in flight.
They didn't understand
how it moved,
or they didn't
understand why it moved.
But one of the things they
did find, when it was moving,
it created gravity
inside the craft,
and it also did something
on the outside of the craft.
It caused the
energy displacement,
which affected our air and
allowed a void to form,
so they could move through
our atmosphere, at least
in our atmosphere
close to Earth,
easier than we could ever move.
But again, the
scientists just couldn't
understand how this worked.
>> Was there a sound to it?
Did you hear anything?
>> There was a
small wuffle sound.
It's just a small wuffle sound.
And I've only seen--
I never saw it
actually in working.
I saw pictures, and
I saw a video of it.
And I talked to the
scientists that worked on it.
I think the guy
that actually saw
it operate once was Bob Lazar.
He mentioned some of
these same things.
But there's a
document out there,
and the document explains
exactly what the Los Alamos
National Laboratories
figured out about this craft.
And it's in highly technical
terms, and I'm not a scientist.
>> Well, that was a fantastic
document that you shared with
me earlier.
You want to read a part of
that document for the viewers?
>> Yes.
>> Because I think it is
pertinent to this, definitely.
We can maybe show it up on
the screen for everyone.
>> Well, this is called
"Examination of Eben Transport
Craft."
And the team that was assigned
to examine this craft from Los
Alamos was called
the Alpha Team.
And the Alpha Team made a
report, and I have this report.
>> And I love it.
>> And it's very
highly technical,
but I'm going to read
one paragraph of it.
And maybe the viewers
can understand it.
Paragraph number one--
"While electric charges
cannot be conducted from
the charge-accumulating
fluid" and then parentheses,
"Sims-Kyle," close parentheses,
"directly through the Toroid
walls and edges, there will be
a capacitive effect that will
accumulate charges of
an opposite polarity,
on the outside surfaces which
will correspond to the inner
ones intensity and location."
That's that inner part
of the craft that moved.
"This 'diffused layer,' as it's
called by LANL Bravo Team,"
which is a different team that
studied only the propulsion,
"of electric charges occurs most
effectively when the liquid,"
and in parentheses,
"e-plasma is moving,
and the faster the
e-plasma moves,
the more pronounced will be
the separation effects of its
electric ions from the ions in
the differently moving diffuse
layer outside."
Now, that's a very
technical term
for how the electric charges
on the outside of that craft
works when the craft is moving.
And now this also
goes in to explain
that there's two
separate propulsion
systems on this craft.
One propulsion system
is in our atmosphere,
within our atmosphere.
It forms some kind of an
energy and the outside
through polarity,
different polarities.
They also use a dipolar system
and e-plasma to open up space,
so to speak, or create a
displacement of our atmosphere,
so it can move quickly through
from one point to another.
They also found a
second propulsion system
on this graph--
and that's what the
Bravo Team did--
which causes this craft to
fly faster than we could ever
fly anything that we had because
it had a different propulsion
system that worked in space.
And this different
propulsion system worked,
we think, on zero-point energy.
>> Absolutely, yeah.
>> And you probably understand
this a lot more than I do,
Emery, but it works on some
form of zero-point energy,
which allows high voltages
and high energy to be produced
to move our space, so
to speak, as I was told.
And I'm using layman's terms.
>> Yeah, we're using this on
our subs right now to help go
through the water and
separate the water.
And after reading the paper,
the significance I got out of it
was the craft is creating
multiple toroidal fields
wherever it wanted--
in front of the craft,
behind the craft, which I
thought was pretty amazing.
And the actual plasma in
there is a type of capacitor.
So you have this
craft that actually
is harvesting the
zero-point energy
and keeping it in this
liquid state capacitor, which
it can use whenever it wants.
>> Exactly.
Exactly, and the
energy never runs out.
That's one of the
things that EBE told us
before he passed away.
He was able to-- we asked
him, what do you use as fuel?
He tried to explain
the fuel system,
and we just couldn't
understand it.
But one of the questions
was, how do you refuel?
He didn't understand
that because he
didn't have to refuel.
It was there, and it
was constantly creating.
And it was constantly creating
by some unknown means.
In the end towards
this document,
they're talking about
different frequencies,
and some of our
scientists thought
that these frequencies, these
high-gigahertz frequencies,
were actually recharging
their system in some respect.
>> Sure, absolutely.
Fascinating stuff.
Is this similar to
warp-drive technology
or antigravitic technology?
>> No, entirely different,
entirely different.
It's nothing near there.
I think, our
scientists initially
thought it had to
be antimatter pods
or something to that effect.
>> Absolutely, because
you're creating your own
electromagnetic field around
the craft, number one.
That's why you're not affected
by any 2,000-mile-an-hour
right-hand turns, and you
are in your own space.
It's not going to
affect anything
where that craft goes because,
whether it's under the water
or up in space, your
field around you
is your own field of energy.
>> Exactly, and that's one
of the biggest questions
the scientists
originally asked EBE.
How can you travel
this fast and make
all these different maneuvers
without being harmed?
And he couldn't understand
what the question was,
I don't think, and he
couldn't explain it back.
It was the environmental
system within that
created their own little
atmosphere in there that
protected them.
>> Exactly.
>> And one of the big questions
our scientists wanted,
because we could have
used it in the future, is,
how does it work?
Here it is.
We see it.
It's right here.
This is your
environmental system.
We don't how it works.
>> Yeah, back then, that
would have been a little bit
difficult, I guess.
>> And one of the biggest
problems we have that
scientists say about this is
that we, government scientists,
Earth scientists, were
trying to adapt our physics
to an extraterrestrial craft.
And that was their
biggest mistake,
and that is one reason
why it was delayed
for so long, because
our scientists,
hard-nosed scientists
are saying,
we have to figure this thing
out using our technology.
And that just didn't work.
Over the years,
they figured it out.
They figured, you know what?
This is beyond our technology.
And some of these things that
are occurring on this craft,
when they were testing
them in the '70s and '80s,
defied our physics.
And some of the
open-minded scientists
figured it out that
what you know what?
We've got to go back to grade 1.
>> Yeah, all these
theories are gone now.
We've got to come up with
something new to explain this.
>> Exactly, and that's why
they created a different
terminology--
"toroid" and "merdan"
and some of these other
terms that are mentioned
in the document and
to understand it.
And they even created a
different electrical system
called Sims-Kyle, and they
had to go back to the lab
and figure out, OK, if we
did this with the electrons,
the Ohm's law and things like
that isn't going to work.
We're going to have to
modify our understanding
of electricity to
understand his craft.
And they did that.
The scientists, very smart
scientists at Los Alamos,
Sandia, and some other
laboratories figured it out.
They figured out how
to understand it,
but still didn't
understand how it worked.
And the strange thing about
the exterior of the craft--
it's charged all the time.
You go up to it, and you
feel that static electricity.
Even when the power device
isn't on, you can just feel.
I think this is something that
Bob Lazar was talking about.
It's constantly charged.
It's still charged.
>> But how do you
get inside the craft?
Is there a door?
Does it just open up?
And when you get inside,
what is the first thing
that you actually see?
>> The interior of the craft--
there's a ramp that comes
down, a small opening.
These beings are small.
They're 4-foot 5,
and these beings
can get through smaller
space than we can,
a normal-size human.
And there's not steps.
It's a ramp, and it's this very
strange material on the ramp
because when you put
your feet on the ramp,
the ramp instantly moves.
So you don't have to
climb up the ramp.
It takes you up.
It transports you up there.
And I don't know that they--
at least in 1987, they
couldn't understand
exactly how that thing worked
because they couldn't take it
apart.
They could not figure it out.
>> It was seamless.
>> It's seamless.
Exactly.
When you first walk
in up this ramp,
you're in the control center.
Now, this craft is not that
big, 20 feet by something,
and I can't remember
exactly the dimensions.
And there's positions, seating
positions for all the beings,
the occupants.
And they don't have
a control panel.
They have places they place
their hands into, their digits.
And there's a screen, a smaller
screen for them to look at.
We didn't fly it at that point.
Eventually, we did fly
it, so we the screen
lit up automatically.
I wasn't privy to
the flying of it.
But they had compartments,
resting compartments,
small resting compartments where
the beings slept or rested.
One thing that EBE
told us was there
always had to be one of them
in a seat with their hands
in for the craft to fly.
There could be others
sleeping or resting.
EBE never referred to
anything as "sleeping."
He didn't understand
what sleeping was,
but he understood
what resting was,
just resting, but not
sleeping, because maybe they
didn't have that cycle.
They figured that out
because they watched him.
They had videotapes on him
when he was in his little den,
and he never slept.
He rested, but he didn't sleep.
Anyways, and then there
were other containers,
components inside there that
they couldn't understand what--
the environmental system,
the propulsion system.
There was a compartment where
the food containers were.
There was fluid.
It was a milky fluid, which
was something that they drank.
That was the extent of
the interior of the craft
that I remember.
>> Now, you mentioned these
five seats in the craft.
Were they segmented out
in different rooms or just
one big open space?
>> One big open space for the
control panels and where they
sat, and around the edges of the
craft was these resting places.
The inside of the craft
was one large room.
There wasn't separate
rooms or separate cubicles.
It was just around the side of
the craft, the interior portion
of the craft.
There was these little
cubicles where they rested,
but there wasn't any other rooms
except for under the craft.
There was a small space under
the seating compartment.
There was a small--
like a crawl space where
there were components welded
or anchored to the floor,
some sort of propulsion
or whatever they were using
it for or ran the craft,
maybe some sort of a
weapons system, we thought.
But we found out later--
>> So it definitely
was not the restroom.
>> No, but they did have one.
But it was not
anything like ours.
They would sit.
They would bring it up to them.
They would stand in
like a tube, and they
would pull up this sheet.
And they would
relieve themselves,
and then they
would go back down.
It was recycled
somehow, the waste.
I don't know that we--
I was never privy
to how that was--
there was one mention
in a document about it,
but it was never explained
how the wastes were recycled
or whatever they used it for.
And then there was also
one other compartment area
that was a medical--
like an infirmary,
small area where
EBE said when they
were sick or hurt,
they would go into
there to be treated.
Again--
>> Was it a bed or a different
type of lay-down area
or a chair?
>> No, it was a bed.
It was a platform.
Another strange thing--
there was no bedding,
no pillows, no cushions.
It was just like a metal place
to lay in like a metal bed.
And that's all it was there.
And in the medical area,
it was a little bit bigger,
and it had other components that
probably treated them somehow,
which I was never privy to how,
if they've ever figured that
out.
>> Rick, tell us about
these screens that you saw.
And also, you said they laid
their hands on something.
How many digits do they
have on their palms?
>> The control panel--
they placed four.
It was four-digit.
And the screens, similar
to our television screens,
were very, very, very
thin, and we couldn't
understand how they worked.
And this is in the
'80s, so we didn't
have plasma TV and things.
It was probably
figured out that it
was something to do with
some advanced technology
that we couldn't
understand that we
might be understanding today.
But I'm relating this
document in 1987,
and we didn't understand
what they were.
But they were screens.
There were three screens.
I'm sorry.
There was one in the center,
and there was two in a side.
The two in a side were higher
than the center screen.
The center screen was probably
50 inches by 40 inches.
The ones in a side were
smaller, maybe 30 by 30.
And I never saw the
screens on, so I
don't know what the
view was, whether there
was depth perception, it was
3D, or anything like that.
The picture I saw of the
interior of the craft
just showed those screens.
There were several pictures
that I saw in a document.
This small videotape that I saw,
again, was the interior of it,
but not with them on.
So I don't know whether there
was any depth perception.
They appeared to
be metal, almost.
I mean, they appear
to be-- they're flat.
>> Metallic?
>> Metallic, yeah.
Metallic, exactly.
Metallic.
>> Were there any colors
or lights in the craft?
How was it illuminated
so you guys could see?
>> They had artificial lights.
The testing crew had brought
lighting system inside.
Everything was a dull gray.
There was no colors
whatsoever inside this craft
that I could see.
At least what I saw, there
was no colors whatsoever.
It was a dark,
metallic, gray color.
Everything was.
>> Where were the craft in the
'80s after you had investigated
this, and where are they today?
>> In 1980, when I saw
them, they were at Area 51.
They were at a couple
of different locations.
They would move the
crafts around when
they were doing different
experiments on both of them.
So in Papoose, or S-2, as
Bob Lazar would call it--
it's actually S-4.
S-4 is the lower level--
and also on the base, the
regular Groom Lake Base
where they were trying to
get it to fly and so forth.
So at least in the '80s,
that's the last place
I knew they were, and I'm
sure they are still there now.
>> Were you guys able to
analyze any of the materials
on the outside or inside of
the craft to find out what they
were made out of?
>> Well, the material's
unknown to us.
The molecules--
they did scrapings.
They did all sorts of
analysis of the exterior
and interior of the crafts,
all the different types
of materials that
they could locate
in and outside the craft.
They couldn't understand it.
They think there was
something similar to zinc
and some other elements from
the periodic table in there,
but they had
characteristics different
than our periodic
table, the elements
within our periodic table.
And that really confused
the scientists, especially
the hard-nosed
scientists, saying,
well, this material had
to come from the universe,
and we know everything
in the universe.
So it had to be within
the periodic table.
And the other more
open-minded scientists
say, well, you know what?
We don't know how
they made this.
They come from a planet that
had some other material that we
don't have here on this Earth.
So at that point in 1987, they
didn't understand the material,
couldn't figure out
what the material was.
But they did think there
was some zinc in it.
>> You said we were
able to fly these craft.
How long did that take, and
where do they test this at?
>> They tested these
crafts in Area 51.
Ironically, the craft
that crashed in Horse Mesa
was the one that
actually flew in 1985.
They got it to fly.
It wasn't flown very long,
but they did get it to fly.
They had a pilot in it.
He was able to take
it off and land it.
Now, that's all I know
about the actual flight.
As I understand,
later, they flew it,
and they've probably
flown it since.
But I was only privy to that
one flight that took place
at Groom Lake, not at Papoose.
>> Through my experience,
a lot of those craft have
consciousness-assisted
technology where it bonds with
the pilot.
How are these human pilots
able to navigate and fly
these craft?
>> Well, I can't
answer that question.
But I can answer melding
your thought waves
with the instruments.
I know that has occurred.
I know there's crafts
out there that have.
I was told years later, just
not four or five years ago,
that that's what we
got from the EBE craft.
We got that technology
from the EBE-1 or 2 craft.
But going back to
your question, how
did they actually fly
it, with their hands--
I don't know that.
>> Where are the Ebens now?
Well, EBE-1 died in 1952.
EBE-2 was a female.
She came here on an exchange
program from the planet Serpo,
where EBE-1 came from, the
Zeta Reticuli star system.
So she was also
code-named J-Rod.
Why she was code-named
J-Rod, I don't have any idea,
but there are scientists that
have worked on the program
that even today calls her J-Rod.
To the best of my knowledge,
she's still alive.
She's still assisting us
with reverse engineering
of Eben crafts at Area
51 or at Papoose Lake.
>> And what are we doing
with these reverse-engineered
crafts?
>> We're advancing our
aeronautical technology
and other technologies.
Phil Corso wrote
a book about it.
I think that book
was highly accurate.
He had some, I
think, mistakes in it
that he relied on
other people to write
for him that stated that the
bodies were taken to Fort Riley
where, and they were
never taken to Fort Riley.
But other than that, that
book was very highly accurate.
And there's a lot of
people that stand by it.
Corporation executives
who were around back then
and are still
alive said, yes, we
did get these things
from the government.
Government came in one day and
planted these blueprints down
and say, hey, try to
create one of these things.
And the first question was,
where did it come from?
Don't ask those questions.
Just make it.
Just try to make it.
And so there was a lot
of reverse engineering
that occurred from the day
that that craft crashed
in 1947 to present day.
>> Do you believe we have
these craft already available,
being used by the secret space
program that can actually go
into space, possibly even
into the solar system?
>> Yes, I know that for a fact.
I spoke to an Air Force
general, and he was the one
who spoke at a UFO convention.
He spoke to us privately
afterwards and said,
we were successfully
able to fly the EBE-2
craft with the
EBE-2's assistance,
the craft crashed in Horse Mesa.
We were able to fly that
out of our atmosphere
and into our solar
system and back.
And then we were able to
reverse engineer crafts
with that same technology
or similar technology.
We couldn't reverse everything
that was on those Eben crafts,
but we got enough
to be able to have
highly classified crafts
that were able to fly
into the solar system.
He didn't specifically say,
we had a secret space program,
but he said, we had crafts,
some reverse engineers, and then
the one craft from
Horse Mesa that we
were able to repair and fly.
So you can put that
two and two together
get that we have a
secret space program.
>> And who owns that?
Is that government
owned, military owned,
corporation owned?
>> To the best of my knowledge,
it's military owned, I believe,
although I don't
know for a fact.
But I think that the
military would control it.
And I think that's one
of the reasons they
created a space for us.
We have a separate
military branch now
called the Space
Force, and I honestly
think that they're
flying these crafts.
>> Fantastic intel, Rick.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> You're very welcome, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]